docs/CREDITS.md, before:

```
██████╗ ██╗     ██╗   ██╗███████╗
██╔══██╗██║     ██║   ██║██╔════╝
██████╔╝██║     ██║   ██║█████╗  
██╔══██╗██║     ██║   ██║██╔══╝  
██████╔╝███████╗╚██████╔╝███████╗
╚═════╝ ╚══════╝ ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝


███╗   ███╗ █████╗ ██████╗ ██████╗ ██╗     ███████╗
████╗ ████║██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██║     ██╔════╝
██╔████╔██║███████║██████╔╝██████╔╝██║     █████╗  
██║╚██╔╝██║██╔══██║██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██║     ██╔══╝  
██║ ╚═╝ ██║██║  ██║██║  ██║██████╔╝███████╗███████╗
╚═╝     ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═════╝ ╚══════╝╚══════╝
```

---------------------------------------------------

"Blue Marble" is made by SwingTheVine

The favicon "Blue Marble" is owned by NASA

Special Thanks:
* nof, [darkness](https://github.com/TouchedByDarkness) for creating similar userscripts!
* [BullStein](https://github.com/BullStein), [allanf181](https://github.com/allanf181) for being early beta testers!
* guidu_ and [Nick-machado](https://github.com/Nick-machado) for the "Minimize" Button code!
* Nomad and [Gustav](https://www.youtube.com/@gustav_vv) for the tutorials!
* TheBlueCorner for getting me interested in online pixel canvases!

Commit message:

feat: Add new official Blue Marble website and update documentation
Add newly created official Blue Marble website and update project documentation

- Add official website badge to README.md
- Include website link in Quick Guide section
- Add website creator credits in CREDITS.md
- Update CONTRIBUTING.md with website reference
- Add new official website URL: https://bluemarble.camilledaguin.fr/

This commit introduces the newly created official Blue Marble website
and updates all documentation to reference it. The website provides
a dedicated platform for Blue Marble users and information.

docs/CREDITS.md, after:

```
██████╗ ██╗     ██╗   ██╗███████╗
██╔══██╗██║     ██║   ██║██╔════╝
██████╔╝██║     ██║   ██║█████╗  
██╔══██╗██║     ██║   ██║██╔══╝  
██████╔╝███████╗╚██████╔╝███████╗
╚═════╝ ╚══════╝ ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝


███╗   ███╗ █████╗ ██████╗ ██████╗ ██╗     ███████╗
████╗ ████║██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██║     ██╔════╝
██╔████╔██║███████║██████╔╝██████╔╝██║     █████╗  
██║╚██╔╝██║██╔══██║██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██║     ██╔══╝  
██║ ╚═╝ ██║██║  ██║██║  ██║██████╔╝███████╗███████╗
╚═╝     ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═════╝ ╚══════╝╚══════╝
```

---------------------------------------------------

"Blue Marble" is made by SwingTheVine
The Blue Marble Website is made by Camille Daguin
The favicon "Blue Marble" is owned by NASA

Official Website: https://bluemarble.camilledaguin.fr/

Special Thanks:
* nof, [darkness](https://github.com/TouchedByDarkness) for creating similar userscripts!
* [BullStein](https://github.com/BullStein), [allanf181](https://github.com/allanf181) for being early beta testers!
* guidu_ and [Nick-machado](https://github.com/Nick-machado) for the "Minimize" Button code!
* Nomad and [Gustav](https://www.youtube.com/@gustav_vv) for the tutorials!
* TheBlueCorner for getting me interested in online pixel canvases!
